docs: Enable proxy protocol on ingress-nginx controller installation (#4082)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/upgrade/README.md

- [Kubernetes](../install/kubernetes/README.md#upgrade)

### Upgrading to 2.6.0

This release introduces the Embedded Editor function with can be used to embed the Node-RED editor into the FlowFuse Application. 
To make use of this new feature when running on AWS EKS a change to the NGINX Ingress controller and how it interacts with the AWS 
NLB is requried.

The following annotation needs to be added in the values passed to the ingress-nginx helm chart

```
controller:
  service:
    annotations:
      service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-target-group-attributes: proxy_protocol_v2.enabled=true

> ```

Author: Added. `use-proxy-protocol` is required to enable it on nginx side. `externalTraffixPolicy: CLuster` is a default value but added it as well to not make any confusions with full ingress configuration (to which I references as well).

> ```

Reviewer: Thanks

- [Kubernetes](../install/kubernetes/README.md#upgrade)

### Upgrading to 2.6.0

> This release introduces the Embedded Editor function with can be used to embed the Node-RED editor into the FlowFuse Application. 
> To make use of this new feature when running on AWS EKS a change to the NGINX Ingress controller and how it interacts with the AWS 
> NLB is requried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#### Required AWS EKS configuration change

This release introduces the new Embedded Editor which integrates the Node-RED editor with the FlowFuse dashboard when using Node-RED 4.0. This has required some changes to be made on how certain HTTP headers are passed between the NGINX Ingress controller and AWS NLB.

The following configuration change must be applied otherwise users will not be able to login to Node-RED 4.0 instances.
```
